Finality Genesis Live Channel & Credits
Hi! This is now a live web source which means any 
announcements from us will appear here! Credits are at the
bottom of this text body.
------------
If you are seeing this, then the file has been renamed to help 
with Minecraft versioning.

Please update to the newest version of the modpack!

Anyways, 0.2.0-build.24 should be available on CurseForge soon.
------------
Full release for 0.2 is coming along nicely. However, Malum 
does add new structures. Soyou will either have to generate 
newchunks or re-generate your world usingthe same seed.

Either way, backup everything via schematic and you should 
be fine!
------------
Update to 0.2.0-rc3.1! I forgot to add a way to obtain Lemon
Seeds.

0.2.0-dev.3 has been re-versioned to 0.2.0-rc3. Hopefully
Quark does not cause any issues with 3.4.-414. Update to it
ASAP when it is available on CurseForge!

0.2.0-dev.3 is close to being released but is being held back
due to issues related to Quark.

0.2.0-rc2 is now available on CurseForge! Please update ASAP

If you see a message that 0.2.0-rc1 is out, feel free to test
the Alpha build. You may have to change the CurseForge app
settings to be able to install Alpha builds! You can also
download it manually. BACK UP YOUR WORLD! You have been warned.

Check the GitHub to see the changelog for 0.2! (Not finalized)

0.2.0 Changes (In Development)
- Migrated tooltips to utilize Create's tooltip registry.
- As a result, I have implemented helpful tooltips on base 
ingredients for guidance. This also avoids Rhino's concurrency
issue, so tooltips can no longer be doubled or missing ever
again.
- Increased Zinc Nugget drop chance from Creepers from 5% to
10%.
- Witches now drop Lapis Lazuli, starting at 10% drop chance.
Please check the Finality Wiki for more thorough documentation.
- Increased yield of CUE and re-implemented original 
acquisition method with some minor changes.
Please see the Finality Wiki for a more thorough changelog.

PSA: If items have double tooltips, type the following command:
/kubejs reload client_scripts

This issue is outside of my control and is being looked into
by the KubeJS team.

0.1.4 Patch F has been merged into 0.2.0 due to the amount of
changes, it's also far too large for 0.1.5.
0.1.4 Patch E has reinstated JEI as the default recipe manager.
Version 0.1.4 has been released, with JEI being replaced by REI.
Version 0.1.3e has been released on CurseForge.
Version 0.1.3b will fix the log being flooded with my damage
cancellation script.
Version 0.1.3 has been released on CF, but the removal
of Spice of Life: Carrot Edition may leave your health lower
than usual. If this happens, all you need to do is:
/attribute @s generic.max_health base set 10
/attribute @s generic.max_health set 10
Then simply respawn and hopefully your health resets back to
normal. 
I have found the cause as to why FTB Quests no longer displays
recipes... Compatibility with JEI / REI was moved to a 
seperate mod called FTB XMod Compat. Quest rework is going to
start from Finality Genesis, so it will take some time to
synchronize all the changes.

Patch C for 0.1.2 is now available, update soon!

Menu Soundtrack Credits:
[menu1.ogg] Heart of the Wicked - Cjbeards
[menu2.ogg] From the Shadows - Cjbeards
[menu3.ogg] Arlecchino Battle Theme Phase 1 & 2 (Fan-Made)
by Farabi Hasan Music
[menu4.ogg] Mirror Mirror - Cjbeards
[gold_block.png] Made by ssquoshi

From the Cjbeards Music Usage spreadsheet:
All my music is royalty-free to use for YouTube and streaming,
and most of my music (See the "Credits & Free Use" sheet) is
also royalty-free to use for film, advertisements, video games,
etc. but you must give credit in the proper way and to the right
people.

From Farabi Hasan Music:
Feel free to use my mix as a BGM for your contents, 
but do please leave credits! HOWEVER, a repost of my mix 
(except if you leave my channel link and credit me) and/or 
extending it is prohibited.

A note from the modpack author, CelestialAbyss:
All the songs by Cjbeards listed above are Free to Use, but I 
will extensively give credit where it is due.
Please check out Harabi Hasan Music if you are interested!
Links to the songs are attached on
the modpack's wiki website.
